add known issues section to profiling docs (#4770)
elastic/observability-docs: docs/en/observability/profiling-known-issues.asciidoc

[[profiling-known-issues]]
= Known issues

Universal Profiling has the following known issues:

[discrete]
== Helm chart `profiling-collector` faulty binary location

_Affected: 8.16.0, 8.16.1, 8.16.2, 8.17.0_
_Fixed in: 8.16.3+, 8.17.1+_

The installation of Universal Profiling collector using the Helm chart `profiling-collector` produces a Deployment with
the wrong binary path set in `spec.template.spec.containers['pf-elastic-collector'].command`.

The correct path should be `/home/nonroot/pf-elastic-collector` while the `command` field references the deprecated path
`/root/pf-elastic-collector`. This issue prevents the collector from starting and as a result, the Deployment has Pods
in `CrashLoopBackoff` status.

To fix this issue, a manual edit of the Deployment manifest should be performed, removing entirely the `command` field
from the `spec` section.

> This can be performed by either manipulating the Deployment manifest directly or by using the `kubectl edit` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To fix this issue, edit the Deployment manifest to remove the `command` field
from the `spec` section. You can do this by manipulating the Deployment manifest directly or by using the `kubectl edit` command.

Reviewer 2: there's a small correction about the logic, I was probably unclear in the first place.

```suggestion
To fix this issue, a manual edit of the Deployment manifest should be performed, removing entirely the `command` field
from the `spec` section.

This can be performed by either manipulating the Deployment template emitted by Helm or by using the `kubectl edit` command.
```
